hey teach Stouffer from recycled fish
you know what do you do when you lose
your rod in the water well there's two
ways that our rods wind up in the water
why does we get clumsy and we drop it
overboard the other way is that a fish
pulls it in when we weren't paying
attention in the first in that second
instance if a fish pulls your rod away a
crankbait becomes your best friend
this crankbait says that it's rated to 7
feet deep so let's say I'm fishing in 6
feet of water
that means the crank weight will dive
down to the bottom and it'll bang along
the bottom at 7 feet you throw this out
there let it bang along sooner or later
you'll feel something a little bit
sludgy that's your fishing line slowly
pull it in find the line and then reel
your rod back in hand over hand with
that line and with any luck the fish
will still be attached to sometimes we
drop our rod overboard and then you want
to use the treble hook technique but
what you do is you use a bullet weight
and you put the bullet weight on your
line first
that'll help slide those hooks through
any snags then you use two treble hooks
rigged in tandem sooner or later those
will find your rod and you'll be able to
pull your rod back up of course that
means using at least having at least two
rods on the water with you you don't
want to lose any of them and prevention
is the best medicine so a good rod
holder not just a fork stick that's
going to help prevent your rod from
getting jerked in in the first place
these cheap wire rod holders stick right
in the sand and when you're fishing from
shore they do a great job they also make
holders that attach to a boat or this
one attaches to a bucket put your rod in
a rod holder like this and it's much
less likely to get pulled in the water I
hope you never lose a rod but if you do
I hope this helps you get it back gun
share blessings and great adventures
you